README.md, before:

# Code Reference Repository

## Introduction

This is my collection of notes, commands, and basic scripts I will use when performing troubleshooting, data collection, or object management tasks

## Getting Started

This repository can be viewed on GitHub's website, or you can sync it locally with your preferred utility. When used for reference, it may be easiest to use the website or a program that previews markdown files, as that will make it much easier to read.

### Visual Studio Code

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) can be downloaded from Microsoft for free. The installation is fairly straightforward, and it includes git capabilities built-in.

While the VSCode installation is running, you can log into GitHub and fork this repository, if you want a personal copy to make changes to.

Once you have VSCode installed, you want to go to the Source Control tab on the left and click on the option to Clone a repository.

At the top, it will give you the option to paste a URL or log in to GitHub. You can paste the link from the Code dropdown at the top, or log in to your account and sync your copy of the repo

Finally, it will ask you where you want to want to store the local copy of your repository.

## Other Resources

### Sean McAvinue's Blog and GitHub

Sean's blog has various articles on PowerShell scripts that work with Microsoft's online services. The GitHub has his referenced PowerShell scripts.

[Sean McAvinue - Modern Workplace Blog](https://seanmcavinue.net/)

GitHub page:  
[smcavinue/AdminSeanMc](https://github.com/smcavinue/AdminSeanMc)

## Contribute

I am always open to suggestions of things that you have found helpful, or ways I can improve the documentation on the scripts and how-to's present in this repository.

Please use the issues tab at the top of the repository on GitHub to suggest any improvements or problems found.

And as always, Thank you!

Commit message:

Start of the CodeBible Module
- Creates the CodeBible Module
- Creates the ForwardRules function and adds it to the Module.
- Adds the RepairWindows function to the Module.
- Creates a README for the Module
- Adds a note to the Windows Repair and Forward files

README.md, after:

# Code Reference Repository

## Introduction

This is my collection of notes, commands, and basic scripts I will use when performing troubleshooting, data collection, or object management tasks

## Getting Started

This repository can be viewed on GitHub's website, or you can sync it locally with your preferred utility. When used for reference, it may be easiest to use the website or a program that previews markdown files, as that will make it much easier to read.

### Visual Studio Code

[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) can be downloaded from Microsoft for free. The installation is fairly straightforward, and it includes git capabilities built-in.

While the VSCode installation is running, you can log into GitHub and fork this repository, if you want a personal copy to make changes to.

Once you have VSCode installed, you want to go to the Source Control tab on the left and click on the option to Clone a repository.

At the top, it will give you the option to paste a URL or log in to GitHub. You can paste the link from the Code dropdown at the top, or log in to your account and sync your copy of the repo

Finally, it will ask you where you want to want to store the local copy of your repository.

## CodeBible PowerShell Module

Work has begun on migrating some of the scripts to PowerShell functions, which will be included in a module, so the script can be run with one command. The module can be found [here](PowerShell/Modules/CodeBible/README.md)

The original scripts will remain as-is, for reference or for when you need to run them on a machine but do not want to download and import the module. Migrated functions will have a note before the script, to inform you that it is part of the module.

## Other Resources

### Sean McAvinue's Blog and GitHub

Sean's blog has various articles on PowerShell scripts that work with Microsoft's online services. The GitHub has his referenced PowerShell scripts.

[Sean McAvinue - Modern Workplace Blog](https://seanmcavinue.net/)

[smcavinue/AdminSeanMc GitHub](https://github.com/smcavinue/AdminSeanMc)

## Contribute

I am always open to suggestions of things that you have found helpful, or ways I can improve the documentation on the scripts and how-to's present in this repository.

Please use the issues tab at the top of the repository on GitHub to suggest any improvements or problems found.

And as always, Thank you!
