Office 365/1 Global/SharePoint Online.md, before:

# SharePoint Online

The Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell module is used to connect to SharePoint Online and then run commands against objects in SharePoint

## Install the module

```PowerShell
Install-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
```

## Update the module

```PowerShell
Update-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell 
```

## Import the module

Normally, you should not need to import it, it should import automatically when you run commands.

```PowerShell
Import-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
```

## Connect to SPO

```PowerShell
Connect-SPOService -Url https://contoso-admin.sharepoint.com
```

If you get an error telling you to use Modern Authentication, try the following:

```PowerShell
Connect-SPOService -Credential $creds -Url https://tenant-admin.sharepoint.com -ModernAuth $true -AuthenticationUrl https://login.microsoftonline.com/organizations
```

Source: [Connect to SharePoint online](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online)

Commit message:

2023-07-25 Expanding Documentation 	new file:   Networking/MS Virtual Adapter.md 	modified:   Office 365/1 Global/SharePoint Online.md 	new file:   Office 365/1 Global/Skype for Business.md 	modified:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Entra ID Sync.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Folder Permissions.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Forward & Rules.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Groups.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Licenses.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Org Relationship.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Public Folders.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Search.md 	new file:   Office 365/2 Tenant/Send-Receive Limits.md 	new file:   Office 365/3 Mailbox/Import-Export.md 	new file:   Office 365/3 Mailbox/Permissions.md 	new file:   Powershell/Linux.md 	new file:   Software/Microsoft Office.md 	renamed:    Windows/Active Directory/gpresult.md -> Windows/Active Directory/GPO Details.md 	new file:   Windows/Active Directory/Groups.md 	new file:   Windows/Active Directory/Import-Export.md 	new file:   Windows/Active Directory/Password.md 	new file:   Windows/Active Directory/User Details.md 	new file:   Windows/Customization.md 	deleted:    Windows/Hide Login.md 	new file:   Windows/Login.md 	new file:   Windows/Search.md 	modified:   Windows/Windows Update.md

Office 365/1 Global/SharePoint Online.md, after:

# SharePoint Online

The Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell module is used to connect to SharePoint Online and then run commands against objects in SharePoint

## Install the module

```PowerShell
Install-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
```

## Update the module

```PowerShell
Update-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell 
```

## Import the module

Normally, you should not need to import it, it should import automatically when you run commands.

```PowerShell
Import-Module -Name Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell
```

## Connect to SPO

Update the URL to the admin SharePoint site

```PowerShell
Connect-SPOService -Url https://contoso-admin.sharepoint.com
```

If you get an error telling you to use Modern Authentication, try the following:

```PowerShell
Connect-SPOService -Credential $creds -Url https://tenant-admin.sharepoint.com -ModernAuth $true -AuthenticationUrl https://login.microsoftonline.com/organizations
```

Source: [Connect to SharePoint online](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/sharepoint/sharepoint-online/connect-sharepoint-online)
