content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md, before:

# Azure AD Connect

This utility is installed on an on-prem server, typically a domain controller, and used to link and sync the on-prem accounts with the Entra ID accounts and mailboxes.

This allows you to use one password for local AD and cloud-hosted accounts.

## Prerequisites

### Install

This typically only needs to be installed on one server in an environment. Microsoft has a series of very in-depth articles on how to install it available that can be found at the below link

[Azure AD Connect and Azure AD Connect Health installation roadmap](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-install-roadmap)

### Import

Normally, you should not need to import it, it should import automatically when you run commands.

```PowerShell
Import-Module "C:\Program Files\Microsoft Azure AD Sync\Bin\ADSync\ADSync.psd1"
```

## Commands

### Run a sync

Once it is installed, it will, by default, run every half hour. If you are making changes, you can manually force a sync using one of the below commands.

Use PolicyType Delta to only sync changes since the last run:

```PowerShell
Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Delta
```

Use PolicyType Initial to sync everything:

```PowerShell
Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
```

### Get Sync Status

This will give you the current status of a running sync. The sync typically only takes a minute or two, and this will generate an error if a sync is not currently running.

```PowerShell
Get-ADSyncConnectorRunStatus
```

An alternative to this is to go into the Start Menu > Azure AD Connect > Synchronization Service

This will open a GUI interface where you can view the progress of any sync that is running, as well as review any errors generated by the sync.

Commit message:

Update to Obsidian Format #1
Files updated to Obsidian:
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/AzureAD.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/ExchangeOnlineManagement.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/LyncOnlineConnector.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Graph.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/MicrosoftTeams.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/0 Things to Add.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Folder Permissions.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Forward & Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Groups.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Licenses.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Org Relationship.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Password Sync TS.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Public Folders.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Retention policy.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Search.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Send-Receive Limits.md
	modified:   content/Windows/Repair.md

Templates moved:
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/article.md -> content/templates/article.md
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/software.md -> content/templates/software.md

Quartz config updated

content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md, after:

---
title: Microsoft Entra Connect
description: Entra ID sync utility from Microsoft
---
#Microsoft-Entra-Connect is installed on an on-prem server, typically a domain controller, and used to link and sync the on-prem accounts with the Entra ID accounts and mailboxes.

This allows you to use one password for local AD and cloud-hosted accounts.

## Prerequisites

### Install

This typically only needs to be installed on one server in an environment. Microsoft has a series of very in-depth articles on how to install it available that can be found at the below link

[# Microsoft Entra Connect and Microsoft Entra Connect Health installation roadmap](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-install-roadmap)

### Import

Normally, you should not need to import it, it should import automatically when you run commands.

```PowerShell
Import-Module "C:\Program Files\Microsoft Azure AD Sync\Bin\ADSync\ADSync.psd1"
```

## Commands

### Run a sync

Once it is installed, it will, by default, run every half hour. If you are making changes, you can manually force a sync using one of the below commands.

Use PolicyType Delta to only sync changes since the last run:

```PowerShell
Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Delta
```

Use PolicyType Initial to sync everything:

```PowerShell
Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
```

### Get Sync Status

This will give you the current status of a running sync. The sync typically only takes a minute or two, and this will generate an error if a sync is not currently running.

```PowerShell
Get-ADSyncConnectorRunStatus
```

An alternative to this is to go into the Start Menu > Azure AD Connect > Synchronization Service

This will open a GUI interface where you can view the progress of any sync that is running, as well as review any errors generated by the sync.
