content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md, before:

# Custom Rules in the Synchronization Rules Editor

How to add rules for specific situations

## Prerequisites

Administrative access to the server with Azure AD Sync installed

## Process

### Syncing the Account's Department Field to Exchange

This is useful when you want to create dynamic distribution groups based on a user's department

1. Log into the server with Azure AD Sync installed
1. Open Synchronization Rules Editor
1. Click "Add a Rule"
   1. Fill in the details on the General page
      - **Name**: Sync Department to CustomAttribute1
      - **Description**: Set according to your standards, such as a reference to a help ticket number
      - **Connected System**: the local domain
      - **Connected System Object Type**: User
      - **Metaverse Object Type**: Person
      - **Link Type**: Join
      - **Precedence**: 50 or the next number up, if 50 is taken
   1. Proceed to the Transformations Page
   1. Click **Add Transformation**
      - **FlowType**: Direct
      - **Target Attribute**: ExtensionAttribute1
      - **Source**: Department
      - Leave the other settings as-is
1. Open PowerShell as an admin
1. Run  an initial Sync

   ```PowerShell 
   Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
   ```

You can now create or edit rules based on departments by using the CustomAttribute1 field in Exchange Online

Commit message:

Update to Obsidian Format #1
Files updated to Obsidian:
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/AzureAD.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/ExchangeOnlineManagement.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/LyncOnlineConnector.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Graph.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/MicrosoftTeams.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/0 Things to Add.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Folder Permissions.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Forward & Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Groups.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Licenses.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Org Relationship.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Password Sync TS.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Public Folders.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Retention policy.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Search.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Send-Receive Limits.md
	modified:   content/Windows/Repair.md

Templates moved:
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/article.md -> content/templates/article.md
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/software.md -> content/templates/software.md

Quartz config updated

content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md, after:

---
title: Microsoft Entra Connect Custom Sync Rules
description: How to add custom sync rules in Microsoft Entra Connect
---
This document covers how to create custom sync rules for #Microsoft-Entra-Connect. This can be useful to sync specific fields from Active Directory to Entra ID

## Prerequisites

Administrative access to the server with Azure AD Sync installed

## Process

### Syncing the Account's Department Field to Exchange

This is useful when you want to create dynamic distribution groups based on a user's department

1. Log into the server with Azure AD Sync installed
1. Open Synchronization Rules Editor
1. Click "Add a Rule"
   1. Fill in the details on the General page
      - **Name**: Sync Department to CustomAttribute1
      - **Description**: Set according to your standards, such as a reference to a help ticket number
      - **Connected System**: the local domain
      - **Connected System Object Type**: User
      - **Metaverse Object Type**: Person
      - **Link Type**: Join
      - **Precedence**: 50 or the next number up, if 50 is taken
   1. Proceed to the Transformations Page
   1. Click **Add Transformation**
      - **FlowType**: Direct
      - **Target Attribute**: ExtensionAttribute1
      - **Source**: Department
      - Leave the other settings as-is
1. Open PowerShell as an admin
1. Run  an initial Sync

   ```PowerShell 
   Start-ADSyncSyncCycle -PolicyType Initial
   ```

You can now create or edit rules based on departments by using the CustomAttribute1 field in Exchange Online
