content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md, before:

# GAL Membership List

Use this to get a CSV with all the emails in Exchange Online, including if they are in the GAL or not.

## Prerequisites

Before running this script, you will need to connect to [Exchange Online](../1%20Global/ExchangeOnlineManagement.md)

## Script

```PowerShell
$EXORecipient = Get-EXORecipient -ResultSize Unlimited

foreach($recipient in $EXORecipient){

    foreach($emailaddress in [array]$recipient.emailaddresses){

                ##new hashtable
                $hash = [ordered]@{
                    "DisplayName" = DisplayName
                    "PrimarySmtpAddress" = $recipient.PrimarySmtpAddress
                    "emailaddress" = $emailaddress
                    "HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled" = $recipient.HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled
                    "RecipientTypeDetails" = $recipient.RecipientTypeDetails
                }

                
                ##Convert hashtable to PSCustomObject
                $obj = New-Object -TypeName psobject -Property $hash

                ##Export to CSV
                $obj | Export-Csv -Path "C:\Temp\AllEmailAddresses.csv" -Append -NoTypeInformation
    }
}
```

## More Information

This was adapted from a script written by Sean McAvinue. The original can be found on his [GitHub](https://github.com/smcavinue/AdminSeanMc/blob/master/Exchange%20Online%20Scripts/Get-AllemailAddresses.ps1)

Commit message:

Update to Obsidian Format #1
Files updated to Obsidian:
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/AzureAD.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/ExchangeOnlineManagement.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/LyncOnlineConnector.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Graph.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/MicrosoftTeams.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/0 Things to Add.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Folder Permissions.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Forward & Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Groups.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Licenses.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Org Relationship.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Password Sync TS.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Public Folders.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Retention policy.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Search.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Send-Receive Limits.md
	modified:   content/Windows/Repair.md

Templates moved:
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/article.md -> content/templates/article.md
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/software.md -> content/templates/software.md

Quartz config updated

content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md, after:

---
title: GAL Membership Lists
description: Get all members of the GAL
---
Use this to get a CSV with all the emails in Exchange Online, including if they are in the GAL or not.

## Prerequisites

Before running this script, you will need to connect to the [[ExchangeOnlineManagement|Exchange Online PowerShell Module]]

## Script

```PowerShell
$EXORecipient = Get-EXORecipient -ResultSize Unlimited

foreach($recipient in $EXORecipient){

    foreach($emailaddress in [array]$recipient.emailaddresses){

                ##new hashtable
                $hash = [ordered]@{
                    "DisplayName" = DisplayName
                    "PrimarySmtpAddress" = $recipient.PrimarySmtpAddress
                    "emailaddress" = $emailaddress
                    "HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled" = $recipient.HiddenFromAddressListsEnabled
                    "RecipientTypeDetails" = $recipient.RecipientTypeDetails
                }

                
                ##Convert hashtable to PSCustomObject
                $obj = New-Object -TypeName psobject -Property $hash

                ##Export to CSV
                $obj | Export-Csv -Path "C:\Temp\AllEmailAddresses.csv" -Append -NoTypeInformation
    }
}
```

## More Information

This was adapted from a script written by Sean McAvinue. The original can be found on his [GitHub](https://github.com/smcavinue/AdminSeanMc/blob/master/Exchange%20Online%20Scripts/Get-AllemailAddresses.ps1)
