content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md, before:

# Search Mailbox Logs

Commands to search through the audit log and export the results

## Prerequisites

## Commands/Scripts

### Get Mailbox Audit Logs for One or More Mailboxes

```PowerShell
$MailboxAuditLog = Search-MailboxAuditLog -Mailboxes User1@Domain.Com, User2@Domain.Com, User3@Domain.Com -LogonTypes Admin,Delegate -StartDate MM/DD/YYYY -EndDate MM/DD/YYYY -ResultSize 99999
$MailboxAuditLog | Export-Csv MailboxAuditLog.csv
```

### Search the Message Trace Logs

Use the following scripts to get all the message trace logs sent from a particular user to a particular user for a specific length of time.

Update the sender and recipient emails. Use *@domain.com to get everything sent to or from a particular domain

```PowerShell
$SenderAddress = "user@domain.com"
$RecipientAddress = "user@domain.com"
```

Update the start and end dates of the search. Exchange Online will go back to a maximum of 90 days by default

```PowerShell
$StartDate = (Get-Date -Hour 00 -Minute 00 -Second 00).AddDays(-90)
$EndDate = (Get-Date)
```

Searches are restricted to 5000 results, at most, at a time. To get more than that, we need to iterate through 'pages' of 5000 results.
We first define the variable everything will be stored in, tell it to start with page 1, and get 5000 results on each page.

```PowerShell
$messageTrace = @()
$page = 1
$pageSize = 5000
```

Now we loop through all the pages, until will we get to a blank page, and then stop

```PowerShell
do {
    Write-Progress -Activity 'Collecting all messages' -CurrentOperation $page
    $messagesThisPage = Get-MessageTrace -SenderAddress $SenderAddress -RecipientAddress $RecipientAddress -StartDate $StartDate -EndDate $EndDate -PageSize $pageSize -Page $page
    $messageTrace += $messagesThisPage
    $page++
} until ($messagesThisPage.count -eq 0)
```

Finally, we export the results to a CSV, excluding internal results

```PowerShell
$messageTrace | Where-Object {$_.MessageId -notlike "*prod.outlook.com>"} | export-csv "C:\temp\MessageTrace $(Get-date -Format 'yyyy-MM-dd').csv"
```

Commit message:

Update to Obsidian Format #1
Files updated to Obsidian:
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/AzureAD.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/ExchangeOnlineManagement.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/LyncOnlineConnector.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Graph.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/Microsoft.Online.SharePoint.PowerShell.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/1 Global/MicrosoftTeams.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/0 Things to Add.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Azure AD Connect.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Custom Sync Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Folder Permissions.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Forward & Rules.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/GAL Members.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Groups.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Licenses.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Org Relationship.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Password Sync TS.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Public Folders.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Retention policy.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Search.md
	modified:   content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Send-Receive Limits.md
	modified:   content/Windows/Repair.md

Templates moved:
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/article.md -> content/templates/article.md
	renamed:    content/Resources/templates/software.md -> content/templates/software.md

Quartz config updated

content/Office 365/2 Tenant/Logging.md, after:

---
title: Search Mailbox Logs
---
Commands to search through the audit log and export the results

## Prerequisites

Before running these scripts, you will need to connect with the [[ExchangeOnlineManagement|Exchange Online PowerShell Module]]

## Commands/Scripts

### Get Mailbox Audit Logs for One or More Mailboxes

```PowerShell
$MailboxAuditLog = Search-MailboxAuditLog -Mailboxes User1@Domain.Com, User2@Domain.Com, User3@Domain.Com -LogonTypes Admin,Delegate -StartDate MM/DD/YYYY -EndDate MM/DD/YYYY -ResultSize 99999
$MailboxAuditLog | Export-Csv MailboxAuditLog.csv
```

### Search the Message Trace Logs

Use the following scripts to get all the message trace logs sent from a particular user to a particular user for a specific length of time.

Update the sender and recipient emails. Use *@domain.com to get everything sent to or from a particular domain

```PowerShell
$SenderAddress = "user@domain.com"
$RecipientAddress = "user@domain.com"
```

Update the start and end dates of the search. Exchange Online will go back to a maximum of 90 days by default

```PowerShell
$StartDate = (Get-Date -Hour 00 -Minute 00 -Second 00).AddDays(-90)
$EndDate = (Get-Date)
```

Searches are restricted to 5000 results, at most, at a time. To get more than that, we need to iterate through 'pages' of 5000 results.
We first define the variable everything will be stored in, tell it to start with page 1, and get 5000 results on each page.

```PowerShell
$messageTrace = @()
$page = 1
$pageSize = 5000
```

Now we loop through all the pages, until will we get to a blank page, and then stop

```PowerShell
do {
    Write-Progress -Activity 'Collecting all messages' -CurrentOperation $page
    $messagesThisPage = Get-MessageTrace -SenderAddress $SenderAddress -RecipientAddress $RecipientAddress -StartDate $StartDate -EndDate $EndDate -PageSize $pageSize -Page $page
    $messageTrace += $messagesThisPage
    $page++
} until ($messagesThisPage.count -eq 0)
```

Finally, we export the results to a CSV, excluding internal results

```PowerShell
$messageTrace | Where-Object {$_.MessageId -notlike "*prod.outlook.com>"} | export-csv "C:\temp\MessageTrace $(Get-date -Format 'yyyy-MM-dd').csv"
```
